feat: add calendar ddr (#104)
TourmalineCore/inner-circle-documentation: ddr/calendar-ddr.md

# Title

## Context

>  We faced a calendar selection problem while designing an interface for taking a book for a specific selection period. How will it work? How will it look like? In order not to invent a new calendar, we decided to use an existing graphical component library.

Reviewer: We faced the problem of choosing a calendar while designing the interface for taking a book for a specific period of time. How will it work? How will it look like? In order not to invent a new calendar, we decided to use an existing graphical component library.

## Decision

1. PRIMEREACT

It is a popular open source library for creating user interfaces in React applications from PrimeTek. This library is attractive because it has different types of calendar: pop-up with a field to enter the date, static, with multiple month selection, with date range selection and touch interface.

**Advantages**

- MIT License to use the component library.

- Extensive documentation. The documentation for Prime React is very detailed and covers a wide range of use cases, making development easier.

- Regular updates to the library.

- Technical support for users and an extensive community.

**Disadvantages**

- Paid file with components in Figma. This makes the UI/UX designer's job a bit more difficult, as you will have to create the calendar yourself to design the UI design.

2. Material UI

> It is an open source React component library that implements Google's Material Design. Material UI is eye-catching due to the large number of components for date and time selection. We were most interested in the following variants of a single component: with an input field and a pop-up calendar for several months to select a date range, mobile variant, adaptive, static, with shortcuts for quick range selection.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is an open source React component library that implements Google's Material Design. Material UI attracts attention with a large number of components for date and time selection. We were most interested in the following variants of a single component: with an input field and a pop-up calendar for several months to select a date range, mobile variant, adaptive, static, with shortcuts for quick range selection.  
```

Not sure what the variants listed in the last sentence are, though. Is it just two: 
1) with an input field; 
2) a pop-up calendar for several months to select a date range, mobile variant, adaptive, static, with shortcuts for quick range selection ?

**Advantages**

- MIT License to use the component library.

- Extensive documentation.

- Regular updates to the library.

- Technical support for users and an extensive community. 

- Free UI kit in Figma. This will help the designer quickly add the component into the current UI design and style it as Inner Circle.

**Disadvantages**

- At the moment, we haven't found any Material UI flaws.

## Consequences

> After weighing all the advantages and disadvantages, we came to the conclusion that the Material UI component library is more suitable for us than PRIMEREACT. We were attracted by the variability of the date range component for our UX requirements and the ability to quickly UI development, since all components are open source in Figma.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After weighing all the advantages and disadvantages, we came to the conclusion that the Material UI component library is more suitable for us than PRIMEREACT. We were attracted by the variability of the date range component for our UX requirements and the ability to quicken UI development, since all components are open source in Figma.
```

> After weighing all the advantages and disadvantages, we came to the conclusion that the Material UI component library is more suitable for us than PRIMEREACT.  We were attracted by the variability of the date range component for our UX requirements and the possibility of fast UI development, as all components are publicly available in Figma. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After weighing all the advantages and disadvantages, we came to the conclusion that the Material UI component library is more suitable for us than PRIMEREACT. We were attracted by the variability of the date range component for our UX requirements and the ability to quickly UI development, since all components are open source in Figma.
```

# Add calendar DDR

## Context

We faced the problem of choosing a calendar while designing the interface for taking a book for a specific period of time. How will it work? How will it look like? In order not to invent a new calendar, we decided to use an existing graphical component library.

We currently use the React Datepicker library, but it has a limited set of static calendar components, which doesn't meet our UI design needs.

## Decision

1. PRIMEREACT

It is a popular open source library for creating user interfaces in React applications from PrimeTek.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Advantages**
```

## Consequences

> After weighing all the advantages and disadvantages, we came to the conclusion that the Material UI component library is more suitable for us than PRIMEREACT. We were attracted by the variability of the date range component for our UX requirements and the ability to quickly UI development, since all components are open source in Figma.

Reviewer: After weighing all the advantages and disadvantages, we came to the conclusion that the Material UI component library is more suitable for us than PRIMEREACT. We were attracted by the variability of the date range component for our UX requirements and the ability to quicken UI development, since all components are open source in Figma.
